simplified usage of cookiecutter variables using derived variables (#158)
NLeSC/python-template: README.md

| Name                      | Default value | Explanation |
| ------------------------- | ------------- | ----------- |

> | package_name              | my_python_package | Name of the package. It is safest not to use dashes (-) or spaces in this name. |

Author: ```suggestion
| package_name              | my_python_package | Name of the package. Avoid using spaces, dashes, or uppercase letters for the best experience across operating systems. |
```

> | project_name              | my-python-project | Name of the project that contains the package. |

Author: ```suggestion
| project_name              | my-python-project | Name of the project that contains the package. Avoid using spaces or uppercase letters for the best experience across operating systems |
```
